Splunk - add basic auth option (#24519)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/SplunkPy_description.md

Use the SplunkPy integration to fetch incidents from Splunk ES, and query results by SID.
***

 - To use Splunk token authentication, enter the text: *_token* in the **Username** field and your token value in the **Password** field.
To create an authentication token, go to [Splunk create authentication tokens](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/SplunkCloud/8.1.2101/Security/CreateAuthTokens).

>  - In case of inconsistent authentication issues when using username & passowrd, try to use **\<USERNAME\>@_basic** as username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - In case of inconsistent authentication issues when using username & password, try to use **\<USERNAME\>@_basic** as the username.
```

this will set the integration to use basic authentication when connecting to the Splunk server.

> for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```
